♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder]
"Pups Save Ryder's Robot."
[beeping]
Is it working, Ryder?
I think so. Let me try the remote.
Okay, Robo Dog, walk.
[barks]
Yes! Robo Dog is working!
Let's see… Sit.
[barks]
Robo Dog takes commands perfectly!
Hey, cool robot, Ryder.
Thanks, Skye. I just finished him.
Let's try… digging.
-[barks]
-[laughs]
Huh?
Whoa!
He sure can dig! [whimpers]
Where'd he go?
[snoring]
[grunts]
[barks]
Huh?
Whoa! Where did you come from?
[chuckles] Sorry, Zuma.
I see you've met Robo Dog.
Yeah, he totally woke me up.
Let's try…
flying Robo Dog!
-Wow.
-Nice.
[beeps]
-Whoo-hoo!
-All right!
[barks]
-Wow, it sure can fly.
-Huh?
-What else can it do?
-It should run super fast.
Aw, no robot can outrun me.
That totally sounds like a challenge.
A challenge, huh? I'll do it.
I'll race the robot.
I'll start it.
Megaphone. [barks]
Runners to the starting line.
[all cheering]
On your bark, get set…
-go!
-[beeps]
[all cheering]
-[Rocky] Yeah!
-[panting]
Whoa! Whoa!
[grunts]
[barks]
[all cheering]
[panting]
Way to go, Marshall!
Whoa!
Whoa! [grunts]
I'm stuck.
Whoa!
-Time to try turbo power.
-[beeps]
Huh?
You won't beat me!
Whoa!
[grunting]
-Ow! Ooh! Whoa!
-Oh!
[electricity buzzing]
[gasps] Ryder, the Robo Dog!
[Marshall]
Look, its antenna is all bent and broken.
[barking]
-[gasps]
-Whoa!
[barks]
[all gasp]
Where did it go?
I don't know.
That broken antenna
means I can't control it.
Robo Pup?
One Porter Burger with onions.
-Huh?
-What was that?
Huh?
[chuckles nervously]
Fruit salad's on the house.
[groans]
-[tires squeal]
-[horn honks]
What the-- Whoa!
Huh?
Yow!
[clucks]
-[clucking]
-Chickaletta!
Ryder, help. Someone's peculiar pet pooch
has gone positively punchy!
Uh, is that pooch
kind of metallic looking?
Now that you mention it…
That's my Robo Dog.
It's kind of a little out of control.
A little out of control?
You have to stop that robot.
Don't worry, Mayor Goodway.
We'll take care of Robo Dog.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Watch your step, Rocky.
You don't want to fall in a-- Whoa!
Hole?
[chuckles] Exactly.
Look out!
[all] Whoa!
And that is how we roll.
[all groan]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
[beeps]
Thanks for getting here so quickly.
We all saw what happened to Robo Dog.
It's broken
and now it's going haywire all over town.
We have to stop it before it
causes any more problems.
-Uh-oh…
-It can really make a mess.
-That's really bad.
-Robo Dog's already been spotted
and has made a big mess
at Mr. Porter's restaurant and City Hall.
When we catch it,
there's an off switch on its pup tag.
If we turn Robo Dog off,
I can try to fix it.
[beeps]
Skye, with your helicopter and goggles,
you should be able
to locate it in no time.
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
[beeps]
Rocky, I need you to help us
build something so we can catch it.
Green means go!
The rest of you pups,
please help clean up the mess
Robo Dog is making around town.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-Yeah! [barks] Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[laughs and barks]
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-[Skye barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rocky! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-[tires squeal]
It went that-a-way!
[clucks]
No sign of Robo Dog at City Hall.
I'll keep looking.
Thanks, Skye.
[gasps]
It's headed towards the water tower!
Come on, Cali, just a little bath
and you'll be all clean.
[meows]
[gasps]
[both] Huh?
Huh?
[barks]
Guess he didn't want
to use the doggy door.
There goes Robo Dog!
Shovel. [barks]
Here comes Rubble, on the double!
[barks]
Here's the last
of the watermelons, Mr. Porter.
Thanks for helping clean up, pups.
I think we got all of it.
Whoa!
Hey, guys, have you seen Robo Dog?
You could say that.
[both] He went that way!
Is that what I think it is?
Ryder, your robot is out here,
heading for me!
Can you get him to fly
towards Rocky's truck?
I'll do my best.
This pup's gotta fly!
Whoa!
Ready, Rocky?
Almost.
If we can launch this magnet
close enough to Robo Pup,
it'll stick to his metal body.
And Skye can hook the magnet
and bring Robo Dog down here.
Any second now…
-Right on time! Ready, Rocky?
-Ready.
And… now!
[grunts]
Perfect shot, Rocky!
-[beeps]
-Okay, Skye, you're on!
You got it, Ryder!
[barks] Lower hook.
Ooh, close!
Coming in for a second try!
Got it!
Hang on, Ryder.
Robo Dog is coming home!
[helicopter whirring]
[barking]
Sorry, buddy. Turning off Robo Dog…
now.
[sighs]
Robo Dog sure was great.
-I guess it's back to the drawing board.
-[Rocky] Hold on, Ryder!
I have an old antenna for you.
I think it'll work.
Good idea, Rocky!
-[gasps]
-[barking]
It works, Ryder!
Thanks, Rocky,
and thanks to all you pups too.
I couldn't have fixed it
or even caught Robo Dog without you.
Well, you know, Ryder,
if you're ever in trouble…
Just yelp for help.
[all laugh]
What a bunch of good pups.
So, who wants to play with Robo Dog?
-I do, I do, I do!
-[all cheering]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-[beeps]
-[barking]
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[chuckles]
[laughs]
Hooray! Whoo-hoo!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
[all gasps]
-Robo Dog?
-[beeps]
-[barks]
-[laughs]
Now that's a happy pup.
[all howl]
[theme music playing]